# Brandberg-Website


Hello everyone!

It's time to present my one of the big js-based projects - the website describing a research of Brandberg (a mountain in Namibia). I started working on this project at my university, where we got all the necessary information about the research results and some pictures of the mountain and its gorges. The research data was given in csv format and was converted later into JSON, so that it could be used in my code.

This project is supported by [IANUS](http://datenportal.ianus-fdz.de/pages/collectionView.jsp?dipId=1672239). 


## Description
This website presents a full spectrum of information about Brandberg. Here I am going to describe every page.  

The site is fully responsive and was made using JS, CSS, HTML and JSON. The main CSS feature I used here was a modern parallax effect.
**IMPORTANT:** Open it only on a local server. Otherwise some features won't be working.


#### Intro-page

Here you will find basic information about Brandberg, its location on a map and main researchers. The buttons after every section will point to the different parts of a website. 


#### Gorges-page

This page describes the gorges found in the Brandberg area. 


#### Research-info

This page comunicates with a database we got from researches and shows dynamically the requested information about every site.
The user can filter by gorges or amount of artefacts in the site.


#### Research-images

Feel free to filter by gorges and the whole variety of photoes made while research will be shown.


#### Research-GIS

Geographic information systems allow users to explore some places that can't be reached from home. 2D and 3D versions show you mountainous relief and sites where the research data was collected. A Timelapse illustrates the research progress.

These projects were generated by an open-source programm called QGIS.


#### Publications

The information about the publications about mountain Brandberg, which were recently made, will be dynamically posted here.





That's it! If you have any remarks and/or comments, please let me know.